In the afternoon, I discussed with the head of the hydraulic department Chen Xiaodong about the hydraulic department's needs for big data analysis.
I discussed face-to-face with Chen Xiaodong about the hydraulics department’s need for big data.
Next time, I will meet with Li Dongtao of Electric to talk about the electric department's needs for big data analysis.

Who invented the skip list, and what problems did it solve?

WeChat Mini Program Development Confirmation Form

Chen's WeChat Mini Program has been developed, and now Chen wants to settle the remaining money. 
Can the WeChat Mini Program Development Confirmation be stamped today?

reading would be easier with screen auto-rotate
analyzing would be easier if User can select several curves, displayed together

Keep 2 decimal places after the decimal point
Two decimal places
The Raft Consensus Algorithm
If the meeting starts, tell me on WeChat and I will come down.
No comment, OK!
This is really important for me.
disclaimer
The latest version of the disclaimer
coding
HTML to define the content of web pages
CSS to specify the layout of web pages
JavaScript to program the behavior of web pages
file
close all but this
How to relax yourself naturally
V8 is written in C++ and is used in Google Chrome, the open source browser from Google.
V8 can run standalone, or can be embedded into any C++ application.
Complete the development of the WeChat Mini Program work order function,
the back-end management work order function,
the WeChat Mini Program feedback function,
the back-end management feedback function,
the access and display of the real-time data of the mini program,
the back-end management to the project.
CreateWorkOrderProblem is defined but never used
Take Notes By Hand
SQL GROUP BY Statement
SQL GROUP BY Examples
Science proves there are six ways you can learn and retain something faster.
The following SQL statement lists the number of customers in each country
Below is a selection from the Customers table in the Northwind sample database
The INNER JOIN keyword selects records that have matching values in both tables.
The LEFT JOIN keyword returns all records from the left table (table1), and the matching records from the right table (table2). The result is 0 records from the right side, if there is no match.
The French chemist Antoine Lavoisier later claimed to have discovered the gas independently of Priestley. 
He named it oxygen (meaning ‘acid maker’), and investigated its properties. 
You can send requests in Postman to connect to APIs you are working with. 
Okay, permissions management, department management, role management will be added later
I forgot to check in after get off work yesterday
I went to the after-sales manager Wang’s office to show him how to use the background management
The purchase of Alibaba Cloud Disk 150G, contract needs to be stamped
WeChat Mini Program development contract needs to be stamped
The purchase of Alibaba Cloud SSL service contract requires a stamp
This is the latest contract
The email has been sent to you
What is the difference between edition and version?
Basic Steps for MySQL Server Deployment with Docker
Ken Thompson rewrote the UNIX kernel in the “C” language in 1972
The server needs to store MySQL and MQTT log files. 
The Alibaba Cloud disk is not enough now and needs to be expanded. 
It was originally 40G and now needs to be expanded to 150G. 
The cost is about 307 RMB.
replication from a master to a slave
how to improve learning efficiency
No water at work in the morning
Please check the written report in the attachment.
I have sent the written report to your email, please check it, thanks.
missing return at end of function
*workorder.Repo does not implement workorder.Repository (missing Create method)
Create work order routing
Create work order handler layer
Create work order business logic layer
Create work order database operation
Real-time data project search function
Work order related function development
Work order requirements document
Order processing
Turn off interference log output
Solve the problem of inserting empty pictures in work orders
The real-time data and work orders of the WeChat Mini program have been completed. In order to successfully launch the Mini Program and improve the user experience,
Now we have opened a few test accounts, welcome everyone to provide valuable suggestions, so that the Mini Program can be quickly Iterate.
Upload configuration software to the cloud
Database table creation
Organize and upload the project configuration JSON file to the database
Firmware upgrade with equipment manufacturer
Now we have opened a few test accounts
I forgot to check in when I got off work yesterday, now I want check in again, thank.
This example will show how to hash passwords using bcrypt.
From now on, every application we write will be able to make use of this library.
This example will show how to encode and decode JSON data using the encoding/json package.
For example, whenever you use Facebook to log into a different service (Yelp, Spotify, etc), you are using OAuth.
It's important to know that JWT does not provide encryption, which means anyone who has access to the token can read its contents. 
customers can purchase various products, and products can be purchased by many customers.
How do I delete a local branch in Git?
How To Switch Branch on Git?
$ git checkout <existing_branch>
$ git checkout -b <new_branch>
How to implement one-to-one, one-to-many and many-to-many relationships while designing tables?
A JWT is comprised of three parts
Son dad love you
To avoid this problem
A typical example of a many-to many relationship is one between students and classes. 
A student can register for many classes, and a class can include many students.
The primary key Student ID uniquely identifies each student in the Students table.
The primary key Class ID uniquely identifies each class in the Classes table.
The Enrollments table contains the foreign keys Student ID and Class ID.
You can add fields to the Enrollments table, such as a Date field to keep track of when someone started a class, and a Cost field to track how much a student paid to take a class.
Using this design, if a student registers for three classes, that student will have one record in the Students table and three records in the Enrollments table—one record for each class the student enrolled in.
This kind of Relationship, allows a Car to have multiple Engineers.
This data structure looking this way, is easier to add more relationships between tables and also allow us update our students and Classes without influencing the relationships between them.
We’ll discuss that now
There are 3 different types of relations in the database
what’s different?
Imagine that we want to store a list of all our customers in the database. 
how we solved it
How to Handle a Many-to-Many Relationship in Database Design
Handling a one-to-one relationship or a one-or-many relationship can be done by adding the primary key of one table into the other table as a foreign key.
This branch has no conflicts with the base branch
How to make your brain run fast
Get enough sleep. 
There's plenty of evidence that not getting enough sleep impairs brain function. ...
Eat the right foods. ...
Get moderate exercise. ...
Learn something new. ...
This is the pdf file of the prototype design.
Communicate the PLC300 firmware upgrade progress with the gateway manufacturer.
Complete the sid_project data insertion.
Communicate with various departments on the prototype design of WeChat Mini Program.
Operation failed: There was an error while applying the SQL script to the database.
Write the project name and project number to the database
Write IMEI number to database
The meeting is arranged
The file that was sent yesterday is the project statistics table for the real-time data display function. I have completed this today.
However, I am now starting to develop the work order function and design the project table of the database. This requires you to show me today
The complete project information form and the contact form of the project's resp you mentioned, as well as the detailed address of the project, etc.,
For project-related information, it is best to be as detailed as possible. This is convenient for follow-up after-sales use.
I sent you an email
Choose which email address to associate with this commit
Pull request successfully merged and closed
Add project name to database
I want to know the process of purchasing spare parts
Is the order process for the purchase of spare parts now the after-sales responsibility?
Legal person account opening intention video
Customer shopping for spare parts
I have sent the mail
In order to communicate with the electrical department, R&D department, after-sales department and other departments and facilitate customers to use our software, it is necessary to unify and standardize variable names.
According to this morning’s meeting, you can refer to the attachment in the email. The owner of the new project uses a uniform naming convention, and there are new variables that can be updated in the attachment table.
I am looking forward to joining
It is extremely time-consuming to modify and prevents our desire to explore more options
Think deeply about the logic of the product
Its primary and most important role is to inspect and test product functions, not the visual appearance of the product.
The concept of "interactivity" is the foundation of prototypes, so this is why sketches, wireframes and models cannot be considered "prototypes".
Prototype is the expression of product idea
Issues related to uniformly standardized variable names
What N just said was to receive the Dragon Boat Festival gifts on the first floor
A ws real-time data (carrying imei) requests to come over to build a mqtt connection to subscribe, and subscribe to subscribe to related topics according to the imei requested by ws
Organize the list of items in the database
Confirm with the gateway manufacturer to upgrade PLC300
WeChat Mini Program design project list, search, sorting, permissions
Prototype design: maintenance management, feedback
Do you have time now
I have sent you an email
I plan to come back on the 21st
It makes the system architecture much simpler and more robust.
Communicate real-time data related modules with manufacturers and inquire about 506pro firmware upgrade
This is the latest flow chart, please check it in the attachment!
20210508
Communicate real-time data related modules with manufacturers and inquire about 506pro firmware upgrade与厂家沟通实时数据相关模块并询问506pro固件升级
Improve requirement analysis, sort out real-time data interface configuration software interface完善requirement analysis梳理实时数据接口配置软件接口
Analyze the RealTimeData interface and sort out the mqtt data processing back-end project documents分析RealTimeData实时数据接口，梳理mqtt数据处理后端项目文档
I printed the meeting sign-in form
Improve the real-time data subscription function
Communicate with the gateway manufacturer about the progress of the firmware upgrade
Provide callback function for Mqtt client instance为
client declared but not used
Communicate with the gateway manufacturers to upgrade the firmware and they will test internally
The gateway manufacturer's test found that there is a problem in the db area, and it is still changing, and it can't come out today.网关厂家测试发现db区有问题，还在改，今天出不来了
How customers use our system
How the company department uses our system
It can be used by all relevant departments within the company
after sales department can provide customers with replacement parts and other services
Develop corresponding functions for customers and after-sales departments.
Big data analysis brings greater commercial value to the company and customers.
We can help customers manage equipment by analyzing equipment data to save electricity.
The data collection ratio should be close to 100%.
Okay, I received the email and downloaded the words, thank you
In order to enhance digitalization and communication ability of SID equipment and solutions
Responsible for the construction and realization of the entire project  
Access field data
292 Project 506PRO firmware upgrade
Access 292 field data
Design access to real-time data of multiple projects
Unmarshal parses the JSON-encoded data and stores the result in the value pointed to by v.
Marshal returns the JSON encoding of v.
Gin is a HTTP web framework written in Go (Golang). 
Jointly debug gateway equipment with 506 manufacturers
Access 360 project field data
Troubleshoot network IP problems
Table specify the table you would like to run db operations
I will consider everyone’s ideas when I design and develop
Debug 360 project real-time data
Register the WeChat mini program account for subsequent development, design the function and interface of the mini program
Research and develop configuration
Scan a value into struct from database driver
Sort out the requirements of various departments.
Solve the problem of real-time value output of 360 project.
WeChat mini program related settings, create WeChat mini program project.
I didn’t master it because I didn’t repeat enough
WeChat authentication，to develop WeChat Mini Program
Work more in the company at night
Organize function development documents
My toothache affects my sleep, tomorrow I will go to the hospital to have my wisdom teeth removed
We can provide Chinese and English versions.
I write the disclaimer page the confidentiality agreement signed by the user and the service provider.
Upgrade the 319 project gateway firmware with the manufacturer
Research and apply for SSL certificate
Design Mini Program Prototype Diagram
Complete the prototype design of the workbench work order today
Confirm with the electrical department